Let's reset.
Let's revisit what we have so far.
We have User Stories and Use Cases, Work Flows and Swim Lanes,
Prototypes, Wireframes, Mockups.
You may not need both Prototypes and Wireframes prior to building your Mockups,
but I recommend it for the simple reason you are spending quality time
extracting and refining business rules with your customer.
You may also have other project artifacts,
such as spreadsheets and forms, documents,
notes, et cetera.
Be sure you have addressed all of your stakeholders' needs and requirements.
Review these documents with all stakeholders.
This may take several forms and formats.
Conduct user walkthroughs, demonstrations,
workshops to further reinforce and validate what you have collected.
Review your schedule and budget.
Okay, if the stakeholders are on track, the budget,
resources, and schedules still look good,
let's proceed.
The Requirements Gatherer's TRIAD.
A TRIAD is a group or set of three connected things.
In my experience, the following three items are very tightly connected,
and are continuously playing off of each other: Prototypes,
Wireframes, and Mockups, Business Rules,
Database Design.
Remember,
each of these three elements are continuously helping and
supporting each other throughout your process.
The Requirements Gatherer's TRIAD, Part 2.
By walking and talking your way through these system design tools,
you will hear, observe, and extract Business Rules and data elements.
As you are showing the users your Prototypes,
they may say, "If the purchase amount is greater than $100,
then shipping is free.
" That is a Business Rule that you must write down
in the Business Rules Document.
Also,
you must capture the data elements in your data model design document
that are required to implement the shipping rule.
Your Prototypes, Wireframes,
and Mockups are essential to drive and greatly enhance the data model and the Business Rules.